DATE OF ADMISSION : MM/DD/YYYY
DATE OF DISCHARGE : MM/DD/YYYY
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES :
1 . Vasovagal syncope , status post fall .
2 . Traumatic arthritis , right knee .
3 . Hypertension .
4 . History of recurrent urinary tract infection .
5 . History of renal carcinoma , stable .
6 .
History of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
CONSULTANTS : None .
PROCEDURES : None .
BRIEF HISTORY : The patient is an ( XX ) -year-old female with history of previous stroke ; hypertension ; COPD , stable ; renal carcinoma ; presenting after a fall and possible syncope .
While walking , she accidentally fell to her knees and did hit her head on the ground , near her left eye .
Her fall was not observed , but the patient does not profess any loss of consciousness , recalling the entire event .
The patient does have a history of previous falls , one of which resulted in a hip fracture .
She has had physical therapy and recovered completely from that .
Initial examination showed bruising around the left eye , normal lung examination , normal heart examination , normal neurologic function with a baseline decreased mobility of her left arm .
The patient was admitted for evaluation of her fall and to rule out syncope and possible stroke with her positive histories .
DIAGNOSTIC STUDIES : All x-rays including left foot , right knee , left shoulder and cervical spine showed no acute fractures .
The left shoulder did show old healed left humeral head and neck fracture with baseline anterior dislocation .
CT of the brain showed no acute changes , left periorbital soft tissue swelling .
CT of the maxillofacial area showed no facial bone fracture .
Echocardiogram showed normal left ventricular function , ejection fraction estimated greater than 65 % .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
1 .
Fall : The patient was admitted and ruled out for syncopal episode .
Echocardiogram was normal , and when the patient was able , her orthostatic blood pressures were within normal limits .
Any serious conditions were quickly ruled out .
2 .
Status post fall with trauma : The patient was unable to walk normally secondary to traumatic injury of her knee , causing significant pain and swelling .
Although a scan showed no acute fractures , the patients frail status and previous use of cane prevented her regular abilities .
She was set up with a skilled nursing facility , which took several days to arrange , where she was to be given daily physical therapy and rehabilitation until appropriate for her previous residence .
DISCHARGE DISPOSITION : Discharged to skilled nursing facility .
ACTIVITY : Per physical therapy and rehabilitation .
DIET : General cardiac .
MEDICATIONS : Darvocet-N 100 one tablet p.o .
q.4-6 h. p.r.n .
and Colace 100 mg p.o .
b.i.d .
Medications at Home : Zestril 40 mg p.o .
daily , Plavix 75 mg p.o .
daily , Norvasc 5 mg p.o .
daily , hydrochlorothiazide 50 mg p.o .
daily , potassium chloride 40 mEq p.o .
daily , Atrovent inhaler 2 puffs q.i.d. , albuterol inhaler 2 puffs q.4-6 h .
p.r.n. , clonidine 0.1 mg p.o .
b.i.d. , Cardura 2 mg p.o .
daily , and Macrobid for prophylaxis , 100 mg p.o .
daily .
FOLLOWUP :
1 .
Follow up per skilled nursing facility until discharged to regular residence .
2 .
Follow up with primary provider within 2-3 weeks on arriving to home .
